Okay so welcome everyone. So we are here for the kickoff meeting of the process of designing a new remote control. So I will first start with a warm welcome opening stuff,. then we will see what will be our product and what will be the different step we will have to design it. And then we will discuss if we have few ideas. and we will end by dispatching the different task you will be you will have to fulfil to complete this process. So the the goal is to have a remote control. so to have an advantage over our competitors we have to be original, we have to be trendy and we have to also try to be user-friendly. So the design step will be divided in three main points. First it will be the functional design. Third is the conceptual design. and then is the desired design. So the functional design is to identify the main user needs, the technical function the remote control should fulfil. And then we will move to conceptual design where we'll specify the different component involved, what kind of user interf interface we want and what are the different trend in user interface and stuff like that. And then the desired devi design will consist in specifically implementing and detailing the choice we've made in the second point. So I will now ask you which is very important for the design of a new remote control for to each of us to to draw your favourite animal on the white board.
It's an abstract drawing of an orangutan.
Of course your animal is recorded so it's not lost.
It's a cat.
Maybe I can draw like a very simplified cow. So Here the financial objective of our project. That is to say to to have a production cost lower than twelve point five Euros. and have a selling price of twice that price in order to target a profe profit of fifty million Euros. Yeah if it's trendy, original I fulfil the user needs. so we have to decide for example if it can control one device or multiple. Maybe I can have the your opinion from the marketing side?
If if we bundle the remote control with something to sell then it could be a single device, otherwise it could be programmable one
Okay, so if it selled by its own i it it would rather be for multiple device. And do you have any ideas of design ideas or any technical requirement we we should fulfil?
If we don't have so many buttons could be nice.
And do you have it also to be to be lighted in order to be used in the dark?
Something which is not squarey maybe, not a box.
So. Fit in your hand, yeah. Water-proof as well. Maybe water-proof would be very original.
And, and that's one of the that's one of the shock I mean there are people that have a remote control and they are worried that it's going to break and they put some extra plastic around it.
But maybe we can bulk it with already this plastic thing and the waterproof stuff as well. Maybe we can sell all that together, so so plastic protection and and a waterproof box as well.
Most of the time I I lose my remote control. We should have special bu button on the TV to make the remote control beeping.
Maybe we can have something you whistle and the remote control beep. That's a good idea, that's very original and that's can improve.
So i it's just going to add to the cost.
Yeah. We have to ask the quest of that's design to the Industrial Designer. Okay so try to find that for next meeting. So so I will ask the Industrial Designer to find out more about this industrial design so any working any working function we have discussed. So then I will ask the User Interf Interface Designer to to think about the point we discussed like the number of buttons, the the fact that is lighted or not, things like that, and what would be convenient for the user. And also I will ask the Market Expert to try to find out what are the absolute requirements, what is absolutely needed in a remote control for the user. and look at your mail because you will receive some good advice soon. I think that's all for this point.